Okay, let's get in touch with Kay as soon as possible.
If she's up for it, we can be flexible in the terms.
Okay, let's go.
We reset to Kay, let's turn this down.
We just have to keep insisting.
Grab a gift and bring an invite to EM's anniversary party tomorrow.
I'll hand it to Kay myself.
Please go back, Mr. Easton.
Kay won't see you.
No, I just need five minutes of her time.
She doesn't have five minutes.
I just leave, I just need to see Kay just for five minutes.
I'm here for my meeting.
Might as well go home, cousin.
Just give up.
Is your contract signed yet?
Don't talk like it's official.
Okay, she's going to sign a contract today.
He's here.
Do you want me to...
Okay.
Go on.